this here is sheriff Buford injustice
I'm sure you all recall how whenever our
fell upon a CP name abandoned and almost
lost my head the top came off know some
of you less respectable citizen we even
snicker when you recall that I never
caught that tick without that news for
you the Bandit is back
now before you go getting all worked up
about it let me reassure you people day
no way he's gonna make a fool out of you
petite justice system why didn't you
have your gun loaded when I put bullets
in it daddy it gets too heavy this time
boom she's bitten off more than he can
chew
he's taken on a table food and booze
he's gotten too big
pause Bridget oh my my life I turn a
mama against two walls and if he thinks
he can sneak two towns a pregnant
pachyderm on dorando staff he's got
another thing coming haha now we've
gotta meet the biggest baddest trap ever
pull this time I got help - what a lose
breathe and respected low men on the
roof today my two brothers
Lord and Reggie well if I can keep it it
don't matter where he cooled it don't
matter what a tries to pull my brother's
my do you want some
we're gonna barbecue
Universal Pictures presents Reynolds
Jerry Reed Sally feel we're on the weeds
Jackie Gleason Jackie Gleason and Jackie
Grayson hey Charlotte in Smokey and the
Bandit Part two
the booby that proves once again
it's not what's in your truck that
counts
it's who's on your tail